style(capability)!: update go doc comments and remove BeginBlocker (#9845)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* [\#9432](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/9432) `ConsensusParamsKeyTable` moved from `params/keeper` to `params/types`
* [\#9576](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/9576) Add debug error message to `sdkerrors.QueryResult` when enabled
* [\#9650](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/9650) Removed deprecated message handler implementation from the SDK modules.

> * (x/capability) [\#9836](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/9836) Removed `InitializeAndSeal(ctx sdk.Context)` and replaced with `Seal()`. App must add x/capability to begin blockers which will assure that the x/capability keeper is properly initialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (x/capability) [\#9836](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/9836) Removed `InitializeAndSeal(ctx sdk.Context)` and replaced with `Seal()`. App must add x/capability to begin blockers before any module that uses capabilities. This will ensure that the x/capability keeper is properly initialized.
```

Author: thanks, added this note as well.
